All right.
Let's start off this video with installing a new plug in now.
Already created a new folder here.
So as you can see, I'm in the 8.4 folder and if you get stuck, this is the folder that you need to
be offering.
Now, in the 8.4 folder, I'm going to be installing a new dependency that's going to be helping us
copy the assets from the SRT to the disk folder.
To do that, we are going to be seeing NPM install save dev and this plugin is called us copy web pack,
plug in.
Okay.
All right.
With that installed now we can just go to our configuration file and we're going to be adding some couple
of configurations here.
First of all, let's go ahead and import that kind of plug in.
So we'll say const copy plugin equals to required and the file is copy that plugin.
Okay.
So that's the module.
Now we just go to the plugins section and this is where we're going to be adding the configuration.
So as usual, it's going to be a new copy plugin and we pass in the configurations here.
Okay.
So what are the configurations that it takes in?
Well, you need to be specifying one particular object and that's called as D patterns.
Now, patterns is going to be of type added within which you have multiple objects.
So in this object geometry defining, what are the things that you need to be copying?
So for example, we need to specify couple of properties here.
So we'll say copy two and we need to be saying copy from and specify the files right here.
Okay.
So what are we trying to do here?
First of all, we need to be copying the assets and this particular image that's there.
So what I can do over here is I'll say, but not resolve.
And in this I say directory name, comma.
Then as our C slash asserts slash.
And in here I can specify either the file directly.
So for example, there were just one file which generally is not the case in a website.
But let's suppose there is I can just specify the name of the file and it's going to be copying that
file to my desk folder.
Well, if you have a lot of BND files, in that case, what you can do is you can just put up a star
and say Dot BG.
So it's going to be copying all the pages in the assets folder.
So this is fine, but let's suppose you have not just BND, you also have JPG image.
So in that case, how do you copy all the images?
Well, the best way of doing that is you can just go ahead and create a new folder.
So as a new folder and call this as images and move this into the images folder.
And instead of referring it in the assets, what I can do now is I'll remove all of this and I'll say,
go to the images folder and copy everything that's there in the images folder.
Okay, so that's for the front, but just put a comma in the end and then we need to specify where we
want to be copying it.
So log into it but not resolve.
Directory name.
Comma dist.
Okay.
So these are the basic configuration, but there's one small issue that we are going to be facing.
Now, before I start, let let's try to run the build and see what happens.
So say NPM.
Run Dev.
Okay, let's give it a second.
Okay.
Bet it builders not successful.
And if I open up the dust folder, we can see that we have multiple folders created.
So we have the SRT folder within which we have the assets and within which we have the images.
And finally we have the image idea.
So things are fine, but why is this SRT folder here?
So basically what it did is it copied everything from this location, from the mean, as I say, location.
Now we need to specify to Webpack that what is the context, you know, from where do you want to be
starting copying all of this off location that we are telling it about.
So for that, we need to specify one more property, and that's called the context property.
So in the context, we need to be specifying from where we want to be copying all this stuff.
So we want to start copying from the assets location.
So we want to sort of get this SRT part.
So you say context is SRT okay with that?
Then I can just clear off my console and see NPM run there once again.
Let's give that a second.
Okay.
Now, if I check out my best folder, we just have the assets folder within which we have images and
then finally the image itself.
So that's great.
Our file is now fixed.
Now, just one small change that I need to be doing is if I go to my index start, I will.
I can see I'm referring directly in the asset, so I just need to make it to refer inside the images
folder.
Okay.
So that's it.
Now, if I just run my server by saying NPM, run, serve.
Let's open up our browser.
And there we go.
We have the image loading directly when we are importing it in the HTML file.
All right.
Now, with that done, let's go back into our code and try to fix the causes page now for fixing the
causes, because the approach is going to be slightly different.
Now, I could, however, just go and copy this and also make sure that the pages folder is getting
copied to the dest folder and that was slightly make it work.
But there's is a problem in that.
The problem is going to be that in the causes DOT estimates that has been generated automatically for
us, we are actually using the estimate of a plug in for doing that and it automatically injects the
course charge's failure.
So if I do check out over here, we can see that the courses are bundled or DS is being outputted all
here automatically.
So instead of copying and pasting the costarred items in here, I'm just going to be updating the hyperlink.
So what I'm going to do is I just go to the index start estimate file, just find the courses link.
So we have the courses right here, let's search it and we have it on line number 50.
So in here you can see that it's going to be just a link and then going to the courses so we can just
remove the pages part and pointed directly to the courses dot achievement and this is supposed to fix
it.
So what I can do now is just run these over again.
So I say npm, run, serve and let's wait for the browser to open up and let's click on courses.
And there you see we have the courses dart as page loaded.
Now you can also notice on the browser we do not have these slash pages and more we are directly going
to the courses Dart Edge HTML page.
Now this is generally going to be the approach if you are using a normal medium as he is this kind of
development mode, if you have some sort of single page application using React of View or Angular,
this is not going to be the approach and the routing is going to be handled directly by that framework.
So for now, this is going to work for us.
But there's a couple of issues with this page as well.
As you can see, this styling is not proper.
So if I just inspect on this and go to the console, we can see that a lot of stuff is missing.
So we do not have the course data defined, then we don't have the course starters file.
Let's try to fix all of this issues.